FLI Software License Agreement for Academic Non-Commercial Use

between

Leibniz-Institut für Alternsforschung - Fritz-Lipmann-Institut e.V.,
Beutenbergstraße 11, 07745 Jena, Germany (hereinafter “FLI“)

and you (“Recipient”):

The software program (hereinafter “SOFTWARE”), including accompanying
documentation, has been developed at FLI and is copyright protected. FLI hereby
grants to Recipient a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to
use the SOFTWARE for non-commercial scientific research purposes upon the terms
and conditions set out below, which Recipient accepts by downloading the
SOFTWARE:

(1) Recipient hereby warrants and declares that he/she is an academic user at
an academic research institution and will use the SOFTWARE solely for his/her
own academic research purposes. Recipient will not use the SOFTWARE for
commercial purposes without prior written consent of FLI.

(2) Recipient will respect FLI’s title and copyright to the SOFTWARE and will
not suppress the copyright notice. Recipient will not reproduce the SOFTWARE
except as necessary for his/her internal academic use. Recipient will not
transfer or distribute the SOFTWARE to any other person outside of his/her
immediate research group without prior written permission of FLI.

(3) Recipient will not adapt, arrange or in other ways alter the SOFTWARE
without prior written permission by FLI. Recipient will not extract parts of
the SOFTWARE, e.g.  modules or sub- routines, for use in other contexts without
prior written permission by FLI. Recipient will acknowledge the contribution of
FLI in any publication which is based on Recipient’s use of the SOFTWARE.

(4) The SOFTWARE is provided “as is” and for use at Recipient’s own risk. FLI
and its directors, officers, employees and agents make no representations or
warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, as to quality of the SOFTWARE or
fitness for any particular purpose, that it is free from defects, or that its
use will not infringe any copyright, patent, trade mark or other third party
rights. In no event shall FLI and/or its directors, officers, employees and
agents be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of this agreement,
including but not limited to the use of or inability to use the SOFTWARE, even
if FLI and/or its directors, officers, employees and agents were aware of the
possibility of such damages.

(5) Recipient assumes all and any liability for damages which may arise from
his/her use of the SOFTWARE and hereby agrees to hold FLI and its directors,
officers, employees and agents harmless for any loss, claim or demand by any
other party arising from his/her use of the SOFTWARE, except to the extent
caused by gross negligence or intent of FLI and/or its directors, officers,
employees and agents.

(6) The license is granted hereunder for the duration of the applicable
copyright in the SOFTWARE. However, the license and the rights granted
hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by Recipient of the
terms of this License. The provisions in Sections 4, 5 and 7 shall survive
termination of this Agreement.

(7) This License Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of Germany without reference to any of its private international
law provisions resulting in the application of a foreign jurisdiction and under
exclusion of the UN Convention on the International Sale of Goods. For all
controversies arising under this Agreement, the Parties hereby irrevocably
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Jena, Germany.

